README.md, before:

# Note-Taker

About

This application allows to the user to take notes in one place.

Description

The application allows the user to enter any notes they may need and save them. Once they save one note they will have the opportunity to enter as many more as they need.

Challenges


Future Development


Motivation


Success


Contributors

User Story

AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a "Save Note" button and a "Clear Form" button appear in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save button
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes and the buttons in the navigation disappear
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column and a "New Note" button appears in the navigation
WHEN I click on the "New Note" button in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column and the button disappears

Commit message:

Added api and html routes and added to the README

README.md, after:

# Note-Taker

About:
This application allows to the user to take notes in one place.

Description:
The application allows the user to enter any notes they may need and save them. Once they save one note they will have the opportunity to enter as many more as they need.

Challenges:
The challenges I had was getting the applictaion to run the correct way, getting all the code to work together.

Future Development:
For future development I would like to make the application look better.

Motivation:
My motivation was to make an application that makes it easy to take notes easily.

Success:

Contributors:
I used the started code from class and then changed or added to the code to make it my own.

User Story:
AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

Acceptance Criteria:
GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a "Save Note" button and a "Clear Form" button appear in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save button
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes and the buttons in the navigation disappear
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column and a "New Note" button appears in the navigation
WHEN I click on the "New Note" button in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column and the button disappears
